OSDOCS-11444: Adds low latency to MicroShift (#80236)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_configuring/microshift_low_latency/microshift-low-latency.adoc

:context: microshift-low-latency

toc::[]

You can configure and tune low latency capabilities to improve application performance on edge devices.

include::modules/microshift-low-latency-concept.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//additional resources for the low latency concept
[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/scalability_and_performance/low-latency-tuning#cnf-understanding-low-latency_cnf-understanding-low-latency[About low latency] (OpenShift Container Platform documentation)

include::modules/microshift-install-rpms-low-latency.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/microshift-low-latency-config-yaml.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//additional resources for the config.yaml
[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../microshift_configuring/microshift-using-config-tools.adoc#microshift-config-yaml_microshift-configuring[Using a YAML configuration file]
* link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1beta1/#kubelet-config-k8s-io-v1beta1-KubeletConfiguration[KubeletConfiguration reference] (Kubernetes upstream documentation)

> * link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/#create-the-config-file[Create the config file] (Kubernetes upstream documentation)

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this isn't too confusing as it mentions `apiVersion` and `kind` but we don't want those.

Author: Removed

//additional resources for tuned profiles
[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/monitoring_and_managing_system_status_and_performance/getting-started-with-tuned_monitoring-and-managing-system-status-and-performance[Getting started with TuneD] (RHEL documentation)
* link:https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/linux-tuned-tuning-profiles[How to manage tuning profiles in Linux] (Red Hat blog)

//microshift-baseline is the name of the profile and used for automatic activation settings
include::modules/microshift-low-latency-tuned-auto.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

//RHEL real-time kernel
include::modules/microshift-low-latency-kernelrt-conc.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/microshift-low-latency-install-kernelrt-rpm.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/microshift-low-latency-install-kernelrt-rhel-edge.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

//from rpm-ostree install guide
include::modules/microshift-creating-ostree-iso.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::modules/microshift-add-blueprint-build-iso.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::modules/microshift-download-iso-prep-for-use.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

> include::modules/microshift-provisioning-ostree.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

Reviewer 2: I think these create a distraction when reading the docs, also because they do not appear in the TOC.
Can we consider referencing those instead of including them?

* link:https://osbuild.org/docs/on-premises/installation/managing-repositories/#using-repositories-that-require-subscription[Using repositories that require subscription] (osbuild documentation)
* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/composing_a_customized_rhel_system_image/creating-system-images-with-composer-command-line-interface_composing-a-customized-rhel-system-image#building-rhel-images-by-using-the-real-time-kernel_creating-system-images-with-composer-command-line-interface[Building RHEL images by using the real-time kernel] for more information.
* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux_for_real_time/9/html/installing_rhel_9_for_real_time/assembly_installing-rhel-for-real-time_installing-rhel-9-for-real-time#post-installation-instructions_assembly_installing-rhel-for-real-time[Post installation instructions] (RHEL for Real Time documentation)
* xref:../../microshift_install/microshift-embed-in-rpm-ostree.adoc#microshift-embed-in-rpm-ostree[Embedding in a {op-system-ostree} image]

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/4096521[FAQ about RHEL for Real-Time (kernel-rt)]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/4096521[FAQ about RHEL for Real Time (kernel-rt)]
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-low-latency"]
= Configuring low latency
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-low-latency

toc::[]

You can configure and tune low latency capabilities to improve application performance on edge devices.

include::modules/microshift-low-latency-concept.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//additional resources for the low latency concept

> [role="_additional-resources"]

Author: Ah, overlooked that I hadn't finished these up, sorry about that.

* link:https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/linux-tuned-tuning-profiles[How to manage tuning profiles in Linux] (Red Hat blog)

//microshift-baseline is the name of the profile and used for automatic activation settings
include::modules/microshift-low-latency-tuned-auto.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

//additional resources for tuned profiles automatic activation
[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../microshift_install/microshift-greenboot.adoc#greenboot-directories-details_microshift-greenboot[Greenboot directories details]

//RHEL real-time kernel
include::modules/microshift-low-latency-kernelrt-conc.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/microshift-low-latency-install-kernelrt-rpm.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/microshift-low-latency-install-kernelrt-rhel-edge.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="microshift-low-latency-install-kernelrt-rhel-edge-buildimage_{context}"]
== Building the {op-system-ostree-first} image with the real-time kernel

> Start with the following procedure to complete the build process. Then complete the remaining steps in the installation documentation for installing {microshift-short} in a {op-system-ostree} image:

Reviewer 4: > Start with the following procedure to complete the build process. Then complete the remaining steps...

Is this typical wording in the MS docs? It seems a bit unusual for technical docs; almost a tutorial format. 
```suggestion
To complete the build process, you must creating the RHEL for Edge image, as shown in the following section. Then complete the remaining steps in the installation documentation for installing {microshift-short} in a {op-system-ostree} image.
```

Author: Yes, our users have given us feedback that the repeated content is noisy for them. They'd rather have a link if it's in the same docs.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/scalability_and_performance/low_latency_tuning/cnf-provisioning-low-latency-workloads.html#cnf-configuring-high-priority-workload-pods_cnf-provisioning-low-latency[Disabling power saving mode for high priority pods] (Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform documentation)

* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/scalability_and_performance/low_latency_tuning/cnf-provisioning-low-latency-workloads.html#cnf-disabling-cpu-cfs-quota_cnf-provisioning-low-latency[Disabling CPU CFS quota] (Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform documentation)

* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/scalability_and_performance/low_latency_tuning/cnf-provisioning-low-latency-workloads.html#cnf-disabling-interrupt-processing-for-individual-pods_cnf-provisioning-low-latency[Disabling interrupt processing for CPUs where pinned containers are running] (Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform documentation)

include::modules/microshift-low-latency-rhel-edge-blueprint-rtk.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//additional resources for workload partitioning
//[role="_additional-resources"]

> //.Additional resources

Reviewer 4: Why are you hiding the Additional resources heading? It looks odd in the preview.

Author: I just overlooked it after I added the link.
